CASMTRIAGE-7027: Many changes to full system power down/up procedures (#5133)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/power_management/Shut_Down_and_Power_Off_the_Management_Kubernetes_Cluster.md

   If the process continues to report errors due to `Failed to stop containers`, then iterate on the above step. Each iteration should reduce the number of containers running. If necessary,
   containers can be manually stopped using `crictl stop CONTAINER`. If containers are stopped manually, then re-run the above procedure to complete any final steps in the process.

1. (`ncn-m001#`) Unload DVS and `Lnet` kernel modules from worker nodes.

   > This step helps to avoid error messages in the console log while Linux is shutting down similar to "DVS: task XXX exiting on a signal"

   ```bash
   pdsh -w $WORKERS 'lsmod | egrep "^dvs\s+"; rm -rf /run/dvs; \
      echo quiesce / > /sys/fs/dvs/quiesce; modprobe -r dvs; sleep 5; \
      modprobe -r dvsipc dvsipc_lnet dvsproc; lsmod | egrep "^lnet\s"; \
      lsmod | egrep "^lustre\s"; systemctl stop lnet; lsmod | egrep "^lnet\s"'
   ```

1. (`ncn-m001#`) Adjust boot order for management NCNs so the next boot will use disk.
   This ensures that when the node is powered up again it will boot from disk rather than attempting

>    to PXEboot before the services to support that are available.

Reviewer: I would probably just put a space here and then you can probably avoid adding the spelling exception.

```suggestion
   to PXE boot before the services to support that are available.
```

Author: fixed
